Docs: add coding standard documentation (#1131)
OpenVisualCloud/Media-Transport-Library: doc/coding_standard.md

# Coding standard guideline

## Commit messages
For Mtl commit messages generally follows Conventional Commit messages rules
For more details on the Conventional Commit messages rules, refer to the
[Conventional Commits specification](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/).

> The only deviations are that structural elements should be written in either camel case or uppercase,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The only deviations are that structural elements (like Add or Fix) should be capitalized,
```
